OPSEXP-2106 add new action pipenv (#277)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

          check-github-configuration: 'false'
```

### pipenv

> This workflow sets up a Python environment with version 3.9 using the actions/setup-python@v4 action and utilizes the pipenv action to manage Python dependencies based on the specified Python version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow sets up a Python environment using the standard setup-python action and utilizes the pipenv action to manage Python dependencies declared in the Pipfile and based on the specified Python version
```
